cylinder of the volkswagen girl
and it has a good drawing but it does not go
from the original knife key
in the drawing
clearly me before making a
opening what I do is 40 because the
Cylinders internally come with grease
with the key it's perfect but good
what I need that the
that the plates move well
I'm stuck
sensor
there is a fact that the volwagen girl of
left side works from below the side
right it works from above so
let's try the attention is minimal
they are playing with attention this has
to enter soft
at the bottom
and there that moves, we just hold it
nothing more and we started to take out with this
movement from top to bottom and what
we put
we give a few soft little pass the
Attention is essential to do this
very soft then the
inserts
they're going to feel like the media was getting
so if you went in a lot loosens a
little attention
and give it a pass if they give it back
my attention is slight
and it's patience some open faster
and another depends on the combination this has
a pretty combination
in jest it gives because they have some plates
that they see that they have to go down a lot
the turn
and they opened they do not have to go crazy
because if he goes crazy, they do not open it
plus
ay opens perfect yes
so then it is full truth
vito